Update docs with default admin credentials to explain init (#2008)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.16/reference/rbac.md

### Default user

> When you install the Sensu backend, during the [initialization step][41], you create a username and password for a `default` namespace.

Author: ```suggestion
When you install the Sensu backend, during the [initialization step][41], you create a username and password for a `default` namespace.

_**NOTE**: If you are using Docker, the `sensu-backend init` command runs automatically with a default username (`admin`) and password (`P@ssw0rd!`). You do not need to create a username and password for the `default` namespace if you are using Docker._
```

> This is the global user that you can use to manage Sensu and create new users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the user that you can use to manage all aspects of Sensu and create new users.
```
